wackToday at 4:39 PM
WARNING! Carry on reading! Or you will die, even if you only looked at the word warning! Once there was a little girl called Clarissa, she was ten-years-old and she lived in a mental hospital, because she killed her mom and her dad. She got so bad she went to kill all the staff in the hospital so the government decided that best idea was to get rid of her so they set up a special room to kill her, as humane as possible, but it went wrong. The machine they were using went wrong.  She sat there in agony for hours until she died. Now every week, on the day of her death, she returns to the person that reads this letter On a Monday night at 12:00 a.m., she creeps into your room and kills you slowly by cutting you and watching you bleed to death. Now, send this to ten other chats and she will haunt someone else who doesn't. This isn't fake. Apparently, if you copy and paste this to ten discords in the next ten minutes, you will have the best day of your life tomorrow. You will either get kissed or asked out. If you break this chain, you will see a little dead girl in your room tonight. In 53 minutes someone will say "I love you", or "I'm sorry

sunwithoutglassesToday at 5:06 PM
YES FINALLY AN EASY OPORTUNITY TO DIE :heart:
fr how does someone get scared about that lmao

Da DopeswagToday at 6:35 PM
lmao fr
WARNING! Carry on jacking off! Or you will cum, even if you only looked at the word warning! Once there was a little girl called Clarissa, she was ten-years-old and she lived in a porn studio, because she fucked her mom and her dad. She got so bad she went to fuck all the staff in the hospital so the government decided that best idea was to get rid of her so they set up a special room to fuck her, as long as possible, but it went wrong. The machine they were using went wrong.  She sat there in agony for hours until she came. Now every week, on the day of her cumming, she returns to the person that reads this letter On a Monday night at 12:00 a.m., she creeps into your room and rapes you slowly by sucking you off and watching you cum to death. Now, send this to ten other chats and she will haunt someone else who doesn't. This is fake you dumb bitch. Apparently, if you copy and paste this to ten discords in the next ten years, you will have the best day of your life tomorrow. You will either get raped or raped. If you break this chain, you will see a hot little girl in your room tonight. In 53 minutes someone will say "retard fuck sex", or "I like big penis"